We are sester [music]
is an incredible conference because it
brings together a lot of curious people
who are builders [music] by nature and
are looking to learn from one another
and learning to identify best practices
to shape their companies and and who
they can partner with [music] in the
upcoming year. And it's just fun. And
now with the huge shift of AI where
things [music] happen so fast, this is
where the best conversations happen. You
have to be here. And also in terms of
networking, the [music] event, the side
events really not to be missed.
>> Brings in about 10,000 people from all
over [music] the world.
>> What does it mean to be AI in the SAS
space and what should we be looking for
now? Not doing something [music] in AI,
you are you're exponentially being left
behind.
>> We're in the age of AI now. The
applications are different. The world is
moving. so much faster. But [music] the
mission and the value is the same.
Share, scale, learn.
>> It feels like we're in the [music] hot
bed of the future.
>> This is one of the most exciting events
I've ever been to.
>> We are Sasser.
>> We are Saster.